- [Instructor] After looking at
all of these Java applications servers,
what other relevant information should we consider?
Well, that is a good question.
There are some content areas we didn't fully explore
like CLI.
The Command Line Interface is available
in WebLogic, GlassFish, and Payara.
We only just begun considering how to use the CLI
on the differing application servers,
or how to integrate them with other management tools
like Chef or Puppet.
I want to encourage you to investigate, learn,
and practice using these.
Additionally, we did not consider the various JMS facilities
on WebLogic, WildFly, or Payara.
You could use third-party JMS servers like Apache MQ,
HornetQ, IBM Q, or a host of others.
I also think however, that it would be
an excellent area of study in how to use
the facilities available in these Java application servers
to handle JMS messaging request,
especially if you're already paying for support in any
of the Java application servers
we've covered as a part of this course.
Lastly, we only briefly mentioned load balancing
in connection with our discussions
concerning server clustering and deployment groups.
Learning how to connect Apache Server through mod_jk
or Oracle's HTTP Server, or even learning how to use an F5
or BigIP appliance would be an excellent area
of further study.
I encourage you as well to explore
the LinkedIn Learning Library for more courses
like courses on configuring Apache Server.
Thank you so much for the time we spent learning together
in evaluating Tomcat, WebLogic, WildFly, and Payara.
I hope to see you again for future courses.